[AUDIO LOGO]
>> I'm Robert Grant,
and this is Code X.
What was Leonardo trying
to tell us about the power
and the nature of time itself?
Is it possible that what
we consider time is not
what it actually is?
We started off by looking at
the pyramid of perception,
and how each of us experiences
the world around us,
not as it truly is,
but rather as we are.
As we look more
deeply into this,
we have to ask
ourselves the question,
is what we consider the
future actually also
simultaneously our past?
As we proceed through
the equinox, we are also,
at the same time,
simultaneously precessing,
going backwards on the
precessional cycle of 24,000
years.
That 24,000-year cycle means
that Pisces goes backward
to Aquarius, where we are now.
Interestingly, as we look
at The Last Supper painting,
the perspective
that we're viewing
the entire room of The
Last Supper painting
is from the vantage point
of the age of Aquarius.
This in a painting that was
done over 500 years ago.
We also have to start
asking ourselves
this question about
the angel Metatron.
As Orion processes and
precesses through the equinox
and learns through
struggle and challenge,
through all the labors that
he has had to experience,
along his hero's
journey, we start
to notice as well that certain
aspects of this journey
seem to still be
somewhat missing.
Particularly, one thing that
stands out in The Last Supper
painting is the giant void
space in between Jesus and Mary
Magdalene.
We analyzed this and we found
two notable facts about it.
Number one, the angle
of this exact void space
which has this triangular shape
is not an equilateral triangle.
It happens to be
precisely the slope
angle of the Great
Pyramid, 51.85397 degrees,
yet again showing up.
We know that that relates
to both unison note,
as well as in the
note of A in 432
hertz tuning, as well as
the doubled octave of 864.
But as well, it
also relates back
to the diminished
fifth, which is related
to the square root of 2.
So through the experience
of suffering and difficulty
within the duat
of duality, we can
double our octave of experience
to find our divine self.
But we have to realize the
philosopher's stone, which
is that each of the challenges
and difficulties we face
are actually the things that
bring us the most gold, where
lead of experience turns
into gold of divinity.
All of this needing
simply the context
of the trinity and
the divine aspect
that we talked about earlier.
Now, we also asked
the question, though,
what is it about
this crack that is
in between the two,
both Jesus and Mary
Magdalene, that also matches
something else in the King's
Chamber?
One of the notable aspects
of the King's Chamber
is the crack on the
corner that has a Y-shape.
We overlaid this on top of
this gap between Jesus and Mary
Magdalene, and again, found
it to be a perfect match,
matching exactly the contours
of this crack in the sarcophagus
itself.
Clearly, there's
something very, very
important about
this missing aspect.
As we look at the Zodiac, what
we notice is that there are 12
apostles with a
13th being Jesus.
And we could apply this to
the same type of concept
of the flower of life, where
we will have 12 outer circles
to construct the flower of life,
and the center circle would be
the 13th.
But is there something
else missing?
Now, if we go back in
the story of Osiris,
Osiris was killed by his brother
Set, and cut into 14 parts.
And there was a missing 1/14.
In the Vitruvian
Man illustration,
we find that he has cut
his man into 14 parts,
and he references the missing
1/14 in the paragraph above
the Vitruvian Man as well.
As we look at this void space,
is there a missing 1/14 that we
should be thinking about?
I spoke earlier about when
Osiris, or Orion, in this case,
was stung by a
scorpion in the foot.
And it caused him to experience
a death of sorts, possibly
an ego death.
He was saved by Asclepius.
Now, if we actually look at
the constellation, also known
as Ophiuchus, the bearer of the
staff or the staff of Hermes,
or the rod of Asclepius,
always accompanied by snakes,
we see it in medical facilities
and health centers alike
around the globe.
The symbol of the Caduceus
and the rod of Asclepius
has been, throughout
time immemorial,
a symbology associated
directly with healing.
Somehow, Asclepius was
able to heal Orion.
Maybe it was simply
an ego death,
and maybe Asclepius was
simply the shadow of Orion.
Is the missing 1/14 represented
here in The Last Supper painting
showing this relationship
between Orion and Ophiuchus?
When Orion finally
merges with his shadow
and understands how to tame
his kundalini life force
and become Christed?
The missing 1/14, the
finding of the divine within.
And is actually what Orion is
experiencing as he makes his
ascension into an
angelic form of Metatron,
is this really just the cycle
of karmic reincarnation over
and over again, experiencing the
same types of patterns until he
finally becomes aware of it,
living out this grand play
of experience throughout the
precession of equinox across
24,000 years.
And we just happened
to be observing it
at a certain point in
time, that happens to also
be the transition
from the age of Pisces
to the age of Aquarius.
As we look at that
transition occurring
right in front of our eyes as we
peer into the vanishing point,
that is The Last Supper.
Now, if we think about
this, that really
starts to raise major questions
about what is a matrix.
And let's remember,
that The Last Supper
painting was built entirely
off of Metatron's cube.
Just as Metatron's
cube is able to create
all of the different geometric
structures and forms that we can
see and perceive
in the universe.
Is this merely a
construction box
of our own perception and mind?
Is this just some
sort of new-age way
of looking at the world
that nothing is real?
Or is there foundational
factual science
that backs up this claim?
Well, in 2022, the
Nobel prize was
given for quantum entanglement.
And the actual title of the
scientific American article that
came out about it was The
Universe is not Locally Real,
and the Nobel Prize
Winners Have Proved It.
The Nobel prize winners were
Aspect, Clauser, and Zeilinger.
And these three scientists
were able to prove quantum
entanglement and proved namely,
that what you are not observing
does not, in fact, exist.
I'll repeat that what we do
not observe or is not observed,
does not, in fact, hold a
position in quantum physics.
That means it virtually
does not exist.
If the table in front
of me is not observed.
It does not actually exist.
Now, you might also ask, well,
how is this even possible?
How could consciousness create
a matrix mind simulation
from nothingness?
Maybe the concept of the 1 being
divided into each one of us
is something that we could kind
of conceptualize and grasp.
The 1 divides itself
into the many,
in order that it will simply
be able to perceive itself
through all of our eyes
of unique perception
and perspective.
But then we might also
then ask the question, OK,
but what preceded the number 1?
How could you come and
start with the number 1?
I can understand the concept of
the 1 can be divided infinitely.
Well, this brings us
to a mathematical proof
that is extremely powerful.
Most people believe that 0 to
the power of 0 should equal 0.
That nothingness to the
power of nothingness
would, of course,
equal nothingness.
But would you be surprised to
know that 0 to the power of 0,
in fact, equals 1, the
mathematical proof of which
can be described
exactly as follows.
If I take 0.5 to the power of
0.5, the answer to that question
equals 0.707.
So now let's go with
smaller numbers.
Let's do 0.05 to
the power of 0.05.
And let's see what
the calculator yields
for us is the proper answer.
The answer that the calculator
gives us back is 0.861.
Wait a minute.
We've just started with
two smaller numbers.
We went from 0.5 to
the power of 0.5,
which are two larger numbers.
Now, we're going to 0.05
to the power of 0.05,
and we're getting
a result that's
bigger than the former number?
Let's keep going with this.
Let's try putting 10 zeros
to make it really small.
0.00000000005, 10 zeroes, to
the power of 10 zeros and 5.
And the answer is 0.9999999999,
10 nines and then 8.
As we get smaller and smaller
and converge towards 0,
the answer mathematically
converges toward the number 1.
And there are many
mathematical proofs written
that show that 0.99999
repeating is in fact 1.
9 has the property that
it acts both as a 0
and can also, in this context
with repeating iteration,
act as the number 1.
For if we add any
number to the number 9,
we find that the result is as
if the number 9 never existed.
As an example, 9
plus 4 equals 13.
But 1 plus 3, to derive
a digital root, equals 4.
The 9 seems as though
it never existed.
And this is true with any number
that we add to the number 9.
And 9 repeating, also
as we've just seen,
converges and becomes 1.
So nothing to the power of
nothing derives everything.
And from that number 1, we can
create infinite separations.
Infinite eyes of
perception and perspective.
But then what about
higher dimensions?
How can we look more
significantly at how dimensions
can be created from this?
I've said earlier that
randomness is simply
our inability to perceive
god's encrypted pattern.
The pattern exists, we just
haven't yet perceived it.
Within the numerical
system itself
is already all the
information required
to find all higher
dimensions of perspective.
This can be found in something
as simple as this proof
that I'm about to
present to you.
If we start with a circle
with a radius of 2,
that circle will carry
a particular property
that no other circle has.
It will be a circle that
is referred to as perfect.
How is it perfect?
Well, the circumference
of a circle with radius 2
will be equal to the
area of the same circle.
In both cases, the
answer is 4 pi.
Now, what's also unique
about this property is
that any polygon that I will
exerscribe around that or nest
the circle within, will
have the same property,
whether it's a
square or a pentagon.
So in the case of the
square, a radius of 2
would derive a side length of 4.
And the square that is around
that circle, the perfect circle,
will also likewise
become a perfect square
because its area will be 16 and
its perimeter is likewise 16.
The perimeter and the
area are matching.
This is also true for a
pentagon that we do this with.
It's true for a hexagon, for
a nonagon, for a hendecagon,
for every type of polygon that
we ascribe around this circle.
That's perfect.
We will have this property that
will operate like a portal.
But what about higher dimension?
Well, let's expand
that radius value
from 2 for the second dimension
to 3 for the third dimension.
Does the same property exist?
If we expand that
radius from 2 to 3,
then the same property exists,
but now for the Platonic
and Catalan dual solids.
So what do I mean by this?
So if I take a sphere
with a radius of 3,
it will have a property that
is unique among all spheres.
That sphere will have
a volume that will
be equal to its surface area.
So in the last
example of the circle,
we said area equaled
circumference.
But now, looking at the
third dimension of a sphere,
we're now going to
transition the term of area
and turn it into
surface area, and then
introduce a new concept of
volumetric measurement, which
we call volume.
So the area of a sphere
becomes its surface area,
and its volume will
match perfectly
its surface area when the
radius is 3 because that's
dividing the third dimension.
And if we take any
platonic solid,
any regular Catalan
dual relationship
as well around that, which will
be the solids that go around it,
and even also the
archimedean solids,
we can find the
direct connection back
where the surface area is
equal to the volume of each
of those polytopes.
Each polytope that goes
around in the third dimension
will have the same property.
Now, but what if
we take it further?
Could this possibly
work for tesseracts
in the fourth dimension?
Now we move the radius from 3 to
4, and the same thing happens.
What we were calling
before volume
now becomes surface
volume, and now
we introduce another
type of measurement
that represents the
fourth dimension, which
is called hyper volume.
And this is true
for all polytopes
that will extend around that
sphere with a radius of 4.
We can extend this
analysis infinitely
to include all dimension.
So now within the
numbering system
itself, a foundational property
is all higher dimension
can be compressed
into the number 0
for all can emanate from 0.
Thus, we can have
a matrix of mind
that literally is
self-generating
from our own consciousness.
Just as we have with dreams
that are self-generating
from our own
subconscious minds, we
are experiencing a
U-inverse around us
that is a veritable matrix
of our own conditioning bias
and perception.
For if we think about
the void of nothingness,
it has no Hertz frequency.
And yet, with 0
to the power of 0,
we can now create the first 1
Hertz sound, the primordial ohm
of the universe.
As we now enter into the fifth
chakra, awareness, the throat
chakra, this is accompanied
by several new upgrades.
Increase in the
number of senses,
our sensory perception is now
going through a dramatic shift.
We start noticing more colors.
Well, we're now
transitioning to an avatar
that's able to perceive 16.8
million and more colors.
These subtle differences
between the colors
allow us to read
between the lines.
Music is also proliferating
more and more as we move from
a 12-based octave.
A 12-note semitone octave to
a 24-note quarter tone octave,
they represents our time
differentiation also.
And most importantly,
we are now in the realm
of instant manifestation.
If you think a thought,
be careful what you think,
because it might actually
come into your reality
because you have called it in.
We now realize with the
fifth dimensional experience
that the things we
chase will continue
to be chased and the things
that we no longer feel
we need to chase and already
feel that we have will attract
to us magnetically.
This is the new paradigm.
We'll start to also
fully grasp the notion
that the only real obstacles
in life are the ones
that we persistently believe in.
Those things that we cling to
and believe that we deserve.
Maybe all we have to do is
realize that we already are.
I am that I am.
From the primordial sound.
And just as the Great
Pyramid is a reflection
of all that is within us,
as we find this chakra
center within us, the
throat chakra chamber
will also manifest.
Enoch, Osiris,
Orion, all precursors
to an angelic god-man character
that we know as Metatron.
How Metatron became
a god personage
is the process of
the hero's journey.
The story that we have
heard over millennia
is now becoming realized.
The realization of
Metatron as a Seraphim,
an angelic being that does
not require one Christ figure,
but rather represents
a consciousness,
a vibration, a frequency
achieved by humanity.
An era that marks the end of
human doing and the beginning
of human being.
Homo Luminous Sanctus,
the sacred light human.
This is embodied in the
painting that was left
and became the most valuable
painting the world over--
the Salvator Mundi, the
Savior of the World.
The transition of
Orion and Osiris
and Enoch into this
god-man character,
representing the emergence
of Christ consciousness.
The decision by humanity to
value mankind and mankind's
benefit over self-interest
and self-gain.
Realizing that the hurt of one
man becomes the hurt of all,
the hurt of one woman
becomes the hurt of all.
That we can leave behind us the
notions of power and conquering.
Representing the transition of
the world when the power of love
finally supersedes
the love of power.
This transition in our world
is marked by the Christos,
the Christ consciousness.
When love supersedes
being right,
we live in a future that is
extremely bright as mankind
realizes its own divinity
to become the eon
avatar of the Aquarian age.
I'm Robert Grant,
and this is Code X.
[THEME MUSIC]